feat(performance-cleanup): homepage and trace view (#3354)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/trace-view.mdx

- [Query Builder](/product/discover-queries/query-builder/): In Discover, build a query with the trace column, then click the trace ID in the resulting event table.

[Trace view image coming soon]

At the top, you'll find a breakdown of the number of transactions and errors in this trace and how many projects they span across. You'll also get the total duration for this trace from start to end.

### Transaction View

The transaction view provides a split view similar to the [span view](/product/performance/event-detail/#span-view). On the left, you can view the trace's transaction tree. On the right, you can view a representation of each transaction as a colored rectangle. The first row lists the trace itself, with all other spans descending from that trace. Clicking on any of the other rows will provide more detail about that transaction, including tags and other field data. You can either access more details about that [specific event](/product/performance/event-detail/) by clicking "View Transaction" or get a [transaction summary](/product/performance/transaction-summary/) by clicking "View Summary".

> Note this view will only show up to 100 transactions from the trace. Additional transactions can be found through [Discover](/product/discover-queries).

Reviewer: Should this have some special styling to make it visually distinct from the rest of the content?

Author: I can add an alert?

Author: I moved this into an alert

</Note>

> With this [trace](/product/performance/distributed-tracing) view, you can drill down into the details of a single trace and traverse every transaction in that trace. This will accelerate your ability to debug slow services, identify related errors, and root out other bottlenecks. There are multiple entry points to get to the trace view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the [trace](/product/performance/distributed-tracing) view, you can drill down into the details of a single trace and traverse every transaction in that trace. This will accelerate your ability to debug slow services, identify related errors, and root out other bottlenecks. There are multiple entry points to get to the trace view.
```

> ### Entry Points

Reviewer 2: Skipping levels in in headings (e.g., going from an H1 title to an H3 without an H2 between them) breaks the RH sidebar nav so that it doesn't render. 

```suggestion
## Entry Points
```

- [Issue Details](/product/issues/issue-details/): In the issue detail, click "View Full Trace" below the Event ID (paired with Quick Trace).
- [Event Details](/product/performance/event-detail/): In an event detail, click the trace ID on the top right (paired with Quick Trace).
- [Transaction Summary](/product/performance/transaction-summary/): In the transaction summary, click the trace ID in the event table.
- [Query Builder](/product/discover-queries/query-builder/): In Discover, build a query with the trace column, then click the trace ID in the resulting event table.

[Trace view image coming soon]

At the top, you'll find a breakdown of the number of transactions and errors in this trace and how many projects they span across. You'll also get the total duration for this trace from start to end.

> ### Transaction View

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Transaction View
```

The transaction view provides a split view similar to the [span view](/product/performance/event-detail/#span-view). On the left, you can view the trace's transaction tree. On the right, you can view a representation of each transaction as a colored rectangle. The first row lists the trace itself, with all other spans descending from that trace. Clicking on any of the other rows will provide more detail about that transaction, including tags and other field data. You can either access more details about that [specific event](/product/performance/event-detail/) by clicking "View Transaction" or get a [transaction summary](/product/performance/transaction-summary/) by clicking "View Summary".

<Alert>

>   Note this view will only show up to 100 transactions from the trace. The full list of transactions will be available through a linked Discover query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Note that this view only shows up to 100 transactions from the trace. The full list of transactions is available through a linked Discover query.
```
